{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans Fallback;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans Devanagari;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Droid Sans Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5 Heading 1;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\rtlch\af6\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7 \ltrch\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af7 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
{\s20\sbasedon15\snext16\rtlch\af6\afs56\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs56\b\dbch\af5 Title;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}\listid1}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.1.6.2.0$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2021\mo9\dy5\hr8\min23}{\revtim\yr2021\mo9\dy28\hr12\min30}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s20\rtlch\af6\afs56\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs56\b\dbch\af5\loch\qc\sb240\sa120\ltrpar{\rtlch\af6\afs56\ab \ltrch\loch\fs56\b\dbch\af5\loch
Marxism }{\rtlch\af6\afs56\ab \ltrch\loch\fs56\b\dbch\af5\loch
& }{\rtlch\af6\afs56\ab \ltrch\loch\fs56\b\dbch\af5\loch
Culture War }{\rtlch\af6\afs56\ab \ltrch\loch\fs56\b\dbch\af5\loch
FAQ}{\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
1. Why is Marxism important today?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Because there appears to be a cultural civil war going on in America today between far left }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
progressive}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 ideals (Marxist ideas) and traditional American values and beliefs.  Many who are involved on either side aren\u8217\'92t aware that the ideas from the left are actually Marxism or that the ideas on the right are part of a much broader set of ideals upon which America was founded.  Collectively, these American ideas can be called }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Conservative}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 or }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Conservativism}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
2. But wait, aren\u8217\'92t Marxists communists?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
You could say that, yes.  }{\loch
But they have gone by many names.  In America they often call themselves }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
socialists}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 or even }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
democratic socialists}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
, sometimes }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
progressives}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 or sometimes even }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
radicals}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 or }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
activists}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.  I would imagine that many socialists would not self-identify as communists but prefer something along the lines of }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
social justice activist}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.   But there are two over arching organizations in America today: 1) }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Communist Party USA}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and 2) }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Democratic Socialists of America}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.  I think it\u8217\'92s fair to say these are two of the main communist organizations in America today.  But there are about 30 or so other organizations that also have various degrees connection to other communist organizations.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
3. So what\u8217\'92s a conservative?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Ultimately, a conservative believes in conserving the orginal values and beliefs of the founding fathers as expressed in }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The Delcaration of Independence}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The United States Constitution}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.  Those two documents contain a distilation of the foundational }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
American }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
beliefs:  1) Government\u8217\'92s first role is to protect inalienable (inherent) human rights, 2) These human rights do not come from government, but from God or Nature or The Universe (or }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Someplace Inexplicable), so Government cannot (or must not) ammend or abridge them, 3) These rights include Life, Liberty, The Pursuit of Happiness, and Property (more discussion required on that last one, but it was in the original drafts\u8212\'97it was thought to be redundant by writers of that day).  These Human Rights were put into law as the }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Bill of Rights}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
, also known as the first 10 Ammendments to the US Constitution.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
One preeminant value is that }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
we the people}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 are ultimately responsible for the government.  If the government stops being responsive to us we are responsible for re-electing people who will be responsible.  Unfortunately, today we seem to have a political elite who have stopped listening to we the people.  They have created bureacracy that doesn\u8217\'92t answer to the people even for funding.  This is called }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The Swamp}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and it\u8217\'92s a serious threat to our freedom.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Conservatives argue against the permanent political class as emboddied in }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The Swamp}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and try to create a smaller version of federal government that is responsive to state and local governments and especially to we the people.  We want representatives who represent our values and interests, not just the values and interests of the permanent political class and elites.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
4. Is that all there is to it?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I suppose on one simplistic level, you could say yes.  But honestly, human beings can get very complicated.  Another part of being human seems to be arguing about ideas.  A free society should be full of arguing and discussing of ideas.  We humans can get tendencious in our ideas, and we usually require lots of discussion and argument to begin to see perspectives beyond our own.  The fundamental American values protect this }{\loch
discussion and arguing.  It helps us humans to grow and evolve.  The Founding Fathers had lots of arguments.  Ironically, full-blown Marxism or Communism would see this as a threat to the totallitarian state and forbid this type of discussion, much like we\u8217\'92ve seen happen in Hong Kong under the CCP\u8217\'92s rule.  Discussion and Arguing is supposed to be healthy and necessary to growing and evolving individually and collectively.  Censorship prevents that freedom and is really more indicative of a totallitarian level of influence that is against the intentions of the }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Declaration}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and the }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
US Constitution}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
5. So why do people become Marxists or Socialists or Communists?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I\u8217\'92m sure the reasons are as varied as why people become Christians or Buddhists or other faiths.  I\u8217\'92m not sure, but I don\u8217\'92t think Marxists believe in any sort of God or Higher Power.  I\u8217\'92m pretty sure they believe that Man is it.  That the Mind of Man is about as good as it gets here in this life.  So we want deliverance from our Life Conditions, it must come from man himself, not from any higher power.  }{\loch
The State, for them, is the ultimate answer.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Beyond this point, motives become quite individualistic and murky.  I would bet that many social activists do not even know that they are following Marxist tentants or that their history goes back to the Jacobians and the }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Reign of Terror}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 following the }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
French Revolution}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 in the 18}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\super\i0\loch
th}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 century, not just to Karl Marx or Fredrich Engels.  There\u8217\'92s actually an entire genealogy of ideas }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
for}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 Marxism.  You could read Marx\u8217\'92s poetry to see his own evolution from a believer in God as a boy to a devout Athiest, or possibly a Satanist, as an adult.  Saul Alinsky\u8217\'92s }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Rules for Radicals}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 is dedicated to Lucifer, the first radical, if that gives you any clue as to his possible motivations and orientation.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
The Hebrew word for Lucifer means \u8220\'93Bringer of Light\u8221\'94, so that\u8217\'92s another possible perspective.  In any event, you can always just ask the nearest socialist about their motivations.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
M}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
arxists tend to have a completely different notion of history and economic and social theory.  Personally, I fail to see how history supports their claims or Marx\u8217\'92s claims.  I cannot think of a single instance in history where Marxist ideas have created a Utopia, except possibly for the top 0.5% of party elites who survive the mass murders following a revolution.  Marxist ideas create social destruction and eventual revolution, not Utopia.  I\u8217\'92m open to hearing counter examples.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
6. What does }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
far left}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 or }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
far right}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 mean?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
I think of it this way:  imagine a horizontal line in front of you.  This line represents }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
a}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 spectrum of levels of government involvement in the day to day affairs of its citizens.  At the far left is Total Involvement in }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
every}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 aspect of life, and at the far right is Zero Involvement in the day to day affairs of life.  At the far left end you have Totalitarian regimes, such as Naziism, Communism, Radical Socialism and so on.  At the Far Right you would have no government at all, so you could have anything from Utopia where people are }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
literally }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
all angels and require no governing to Law of the Jungle.  Do whatever you can get away with.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
The }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Declaration of Independence}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and the }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
US Constitution}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 tried to place federal authority in the center where it was powerful enough to provide government to fallable human beings and not intrude on their state and local governments but still protect individual rights and provide liberty to all individuals.  No mean feat.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
The Democratic Party was always a little left of center and what became the Republican Party was always a little right of center.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Today, these words are often misused and associated with rhetoric and propaganda.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
There is often little or no reference to historical meanings of these terms.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
7. Why is all this so hard to understand?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Part of it is that people are trying to persuade you one way or the other, so they aren\u8217\'92t telling you the whole truth.  Another part of it is that you have to do your own research and make up your own mind, so work is required to make an informed decision.  Another part of it is that your perspective will be ever-changing as you continue to evolve as a human being, so there is no one-answer-fits-all, unless you\u8217\'92re very lazy.  }{\loch
Still another part is that as human beings, we are not omniscient and will always have some bias.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Still another part of all this is that America was always intended to be a place where arguments could happen passionately and hopefully with some level of safety.  Unfortunately, today it has become unsafe to argue as censorship }{\loch
and political correctness have}{\loch
 overtaken many college campuses, corporate boardrooms, and public forums.  It is quite common for people on the right to be called Racist, Fascist, or have their accounts closed or limited for expressing conservative views.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
In essence, the Left has become so powerful that they don\u8217\'92t }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
need}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 to listen to the Right.  So they don\u8217\'92t.  As open discussion is curtailed about these ideas, we don\u8217\'92t get exposed to all the questions and answers that a full understanding requires.  This lack of open conversation leads to more misinformation and people being under-informed.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
8. }{\loch
So why do we have a cultural civil war now?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
Because we have enough people in the country who were raised without a spiritual or religious tradition, so they believe }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
man is as good as it gets}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and that a belief in God or The Universe or }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Spirituality}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 is superstitious.  Also, people who have not been educated with a Classical Education (where students learn }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The True, The Good, and The Beautifu}{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
l}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
) don\u8217\'92t understand the }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
reasons}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 why America was founded on the principles it was founded upon.  They don\u8217\'92t understand the long legacy of American values that extends back into the history of Western Civilization.  They fall for ideas like \u8220\'93American founders were a bunch of slavers and immoral white people who stole everything.\u8221\'94  To learn the true history of America, you have to do some research.  You have to do some work, since they don\u8217\'92t teach all this stuff in schools anymore.  Lots of people don\u8217\'92t know it, and there\u8217\'92s always more to learn about history.  We have a cultural civil war because of ignorance and because our morality has declined, and because our clarity becomes distorted in this condition.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
9. }{\loch
Marxists talk about Utopia, isn\u8217\'92t that a good thing?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
It would be if it ever happened in the history of communism.  In reality, Marxism is more of a technology for creating revolution.  Historically, totalitarian Marxist regimes have never created anything like a utopia.  Usually there are mass murders and misery and lots and lots of lying and propaganda.  Again, you have to do enough research to see beyond the propaganda.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Capitalism can produce }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
inequality of result}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 and tries to provide }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
equality of opportunity}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
. Marxism guarantees }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
equality of results}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
, but the results are usually equally miserable.  I say usually because the elites who live in a totalitarian regime live extremely well compared to everyone else.  The Communist Party Bosses tend to live like kings.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
10.  Isn\u8217\'92t this all just Republicans versus Democrats?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
No, not really.  Not all Republicans are conservatives and not all Democrats are Marxists.  As the Democratic party leadership have become increasingly Marxist, the party has moved further to the left on the political power spectrum I mentioned earlier.  As the Democratic Party has moved to the left, the Republican Party has also moved to the left.  Today, true conservatives have called themselves }{\loch
L}{\loch
ibertarians, Christians, Ever Trumpers, and so on.  The MAGA (Make America Great Again) movement is largely a conservative movement.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Donald Trump is an extremely controversial figure, especially to those on the Left, which includes about 95% of the mainstream media.  The Left tried to impeach him twice (unsuccessfully), and the last time he had already left office, so they were trying }{\loch
unconstitutionally to }{\loch
impeach a citizen to prevent him from running for office again.  They failed in both attempts at impeachment.  But his conservative ideas are extremely threatening to the standing establishment in Washington, which is predominantly Democratic and Leftist at this point.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Politcal parties can swing from one idea to another, but a Constitutional Republic and a Communist Regime tend to be more fixed ideas.  }{\loch
Communism is completely incompatable with American values.  Today, there are about 100 or so federal senators and representatives with direct ties to Communist organizations.  They couldn\u8217\'92t pass a criminal background check to drive your child\u8217\'92s school bus, but they can be your senator or house representative.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Today\u8217\'92s Americans first need to learn their own history and understand it.  Then they need to decide if they want to throw it all away and become another communist country.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
11. }{\loch
 }{\loch
But aren\u8217\'92t Republicans Racist?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Racism and hatred and Bigotry can find their way into any human heart.  It\u8217\'92s part of the human condition that fear leads to hatred, hatred leads to discrimination and racism.  All humans have to remember to find the common humanity in each other, regardless of where our ancestors came from, regardless of our }{\loch
cultural traditions.  The idea of America was to allow people of many cultures to come to America and adopt a common set of beliefs where they could preserve their native cultures freely, as long as they didn\u8217\'92t impinge on anyone else\u8217\'92s right to do the same.  That\u8217\'92s a conservative ideal.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Historically, the Democratic Party was the defender of slavery, eugenics, and the Ku Klux Klan.  There were possibly two Republicans who owned slaves.  But they were Democrats when they owned the slaves, and then joined the Republican party after their slaves were freed.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Conservatives believe in the Rule of Law.  That all people are equal under the law.  They believe that even politicians in high office should be arrested when they break the law.  Unfortunately, this rarely ever happens today, and the law is applied very unevenly between the rich and the poor.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
12. What is Critical Race Theory?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Critical Race Theory (CRT)  is the notion that societies all suffer from discrepancies of power or influence, and that some races or classes will always be oppressor races and other races will always be the oppressed races.  In America, CRT-believers say that blacks, for example, are always oppressed and that whites are always oppressors, purely because of their skin color.  They also teach that blacks cannot become racist and that whites cannot become anything except racist.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
CRT}{\loch
 attacks }{\loch
and undermines}{\loch
 the central American ideal of }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
Epluribus Unum}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
 or \u8220\'93Out of Many, One.\u8221\'94  It attacks the American ideal that by adopting a common respect and decency for all human beings and their rights as enumerated in the Bill of Rights, we create a common conceptual American Race--or family, even--based on our core beliefs.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
The American ideal is to respect all people regardless of their individual identities because we all share an American identity.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
13. If it\u8217\'92s so bad, why do so many people believe in Marxism?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Perhaps the central question, this.  My simple answer is 1) We\u8217\'92ve all but lost the idea of Classical Education here in America, which is central to our way of life.  2)  We\u8217\'92ve experienced an enormous moral decay over time, including a loss of spiritual practice and faith.  3)  The forces behind these changes have been at it invisibly for }{\loch
70 plus years, and they\u8217\'92ve been extremely organized about it.  These changes have largely happened over the span of a single lifetime, even though the forces behind it have been active for much longer.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
14. }{\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\loch\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch
Are you}{\loch
 talking about a deep conspiratorial rabbit hole?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
It definitely sounds that way doesn\u8217\'92t it?  Like some film noire movie?  But think of it more as a business plan behind closed doors.  People do that all the time.  It\u8217\'92s just a business plan.  }{\loch
Imagine one corporation wants to eliminate their competition and achieve a monopoly in their particular business sector.  That way, they could lower their cost and maximize their profits without innovating a commensurate value.  This is ironic, because Marxists, while decrying the inequalities of free markets, have themselves become expert manipulators of those same markets, including the principles of marketing, propaganda, and advertising.  Cultural marxism is an expert\u8217\'92s master class in manipulating public opinion and achieving amazing results over time.  It will take some work and research to catch up, but many things will start to make sense when you do this work.}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af6\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs36\b\dbch\af5\loch{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ql\ltrpar{\loch
15. So what do we do now?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
There\u8217\'92s no quick fix.  It\u8217\'92s taken a long time to get this far along the wrong path.  It will take time to correct our country\u8217\'92s direction.  But the country was founded according individual needs, not collective needs.  By serving the individual, we serve the collective.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
First, we need to learn and understand our own American history.  I would start with our Declaration of Independence and then the US Constitution.  }{\loch
Then read }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The Federalist Papers}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Hillsdale}{\loch
 College has some excellent courses on these original documents.  }{\loch
This education needs to continue for our entire life.  As students of life, we need to be interested in }{\rtlch\ai \ltrch\loch\i\loch
The Good, The True, and The Beautiful}{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
.  Some choices lead to freedom while other choices lead to slavery.  We need to be able to recognize the difference.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Second, we need to cultivate genuine spiritual values.  We need to respect humanity and the goodness of our potential.  This will require a commitment to some kind of spiritual practice.  Spiritual values are a fundamental part of American values.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Third, we need to get smarter about lies.  The adversaries of American values will weaponize our own compassion against us.  They call conservatives racist even when it is completely illogical according to their own precepts (black conservatives are often called racist, which according to CRT is not possible). Social justice activists will commonly use semantic and logical tricks to make their ideas seem \u8220\'93right\u8221\'94, but those tricks are manipulative.  If you slow down and back track, you can find the logical errors they have used to trick you.  So part of your education has to be based in understanding rhetoric and how it can be misused to manipulate people.  Communists are really good at it.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
Fourth, since our American institutions have largely been infiltrated and subverted by the Left, we need to rebuild }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
patriot institutions that are founded on American ideals.  }{\rtlch\ai0 \ltrch\loch\i0\loch
This is currently happening in America.  We need to boycott corporations who support Communist values and buycott those companies who support traditional American values.}
\par }